Changes for bb docks (#2714)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/bb-oauth-scopes.md

## Used Scopes

### repository
Gives the app read access to all the repositories the authorizing user has access to.
> This scope does not give access to a repository's pull requests.

### repository:admin

> Gives the app admin access to all the repositories the authorizing user has access to. Permission is needed to add the access key. Travis Ci uses key to read the travis.yml conent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gives the app admin access to all the repositories the authorizing user has access to. This permission is needed to add the access key. Travis CI uses the key to read the travis.yml file content.
```
